Seo Document
Alexa Is Rank Checking Software they help to analysis,which platform to generate a traffic
this software more helpful to seo Anylatics.

Alexa Definition:
Alexa is a global ranking system.The lower the Alexa
 rank number,the more popular the websie is.
1.It is a compare tool rather than a webb traffic tool.

.......How Alexa Ranking works?
Alexa rank is calcilate by combining a sites estimated traffic as well as visitors engagement over the 
previous three  months.
......Advantages of alexa toolbar
1.Analyze popularity
2.search analytics 
3.Competitor websites
4.Wayback

How to improve on page seo & Mistakes to avoid in on page seo?
..................10 most common seo mistakes.....
1..Duplicate or copied content.
content copied nhi ho, or kesi or ke content mai changes kar ke bhee usy use na kia ho, ye 2 policy google algorithm ke 
kelafa hai

2..Image (Alt) Tags and broken images 
40% website mai images ke Alt tags missing hote hai
Alt tag ka benefit ye hai ke ..google images ko read nhi karta ..sirf Alt Tag or
Description ko karta hai


3..Title Taggs issues

1.Too Much texg or keyword stuffing in title tag
2.major issue duplicate or copied title tags
3.Less text in title tags..min(15) max(17). 
4.No text or missing text

4...Meta Description
A..Duplicate or copied meta Description
B..Very less or no Description ..min word is 15 and maximum
word is 20 word in Meta Description
C..Keyword Staffing in meta description


5...less or no time given on keyword research
people are no time taken in search keyword ..log bhot kamm time dete hai 
keyword research ko keyword ko nhhi daikh te ke ye long tail hai ya short tail hai 
keyword ko research karne ke lye hum different software ka use karte hai.
for example: Google Trends, Google keyword Planner,SemRush 
agar ap keyword research sahi se karlo ge to ap ka onpage seo sahi hoga ku ke ap ne jo keyword 
choose kare hai un pe traffic ata hai.


6..Broken Internal or External Links
Most of the times in website audit it is shown that internal links are not right linked or broken.
External links are also not found or broken due to lack of timely website audit or 
Monitoring by team.
...External internal links ko check karna chaye ..is se ap ki ranking pe bhot 
ziyada faraq parta hai


7.Less Content in web pages 
Maximum website having very less content in their web pages.
Website mai content much hona chaye ...min 1200 words or max 1600 words or content unique hona chaye 

...jo website 3000 se ziyada words content karte hai wo phir lead bhee ziyada generate karte hai 

8.H1,H2,H3 TAGS MISSING THIS IS HEADING TAGS

9.WEBSITE ARE NOT MOBILE FRIENDLY OR RESPONSIVE ,IF WEBSITE ARE MOBILE FRIENDLY BUT NOT PROPER ADJUSTABLE IN MOBILE SIZE
10 Website UI Or Structure or design is not user friendly
Now days user experience is must and while designing a website you should plan and design your 
user interface UI according to your Niche target group industry standards and trends

Website is not optimized you will take 10 on page seo mistakes


..................How to choose keywors for seo & how to find right keywords for seo.........
How to choose keyword they generate sells and lead, oriented keyword in Seo?

Online Keyword Research
We have many free and paid online keyword research tools and platform for filtered keyword research using many criteria.
offline Keyword Research
2.Historical and Upcoming trends
3.Related Searches and phrases
4.Search volume by city or keywords
5.Quality of keywords and many more stats.
few of the tools and platform are:-
Google Keyword Planner
Google trends
Google autocomplete
semrush
ahrefs


How to Use Google Trends For Seo?
Google trends help for 
1.Business ko plan karne mai
2.keyword ko plan karne mai
3.jo keyword hum search karte hai uska
sahi volume,time, date, location quantity of people
4.kon si cheez trend kar rahi hai 
5.hume is se trend pta chalte hai kia chal rha us se hum kese faida bta rhe hai



Time 3:15:56 how to audit seo
use moz website they check broken link our website  

check your websites speed test this browser.
first one is ...developers.google.com
second is ....Moz 
third is ...Alexa chrome extension they will help to check rank our websites
fourth is ...seositecheckup.com
fifth is ...seo optimizer they provide complete website report ..

